README.md, before:

# COMP-371-Proj
## Requirements
 - For the first build, requires an active internet connection to fetch dependencies.
 
## Royal Octopi Team Members
 - Zahra Nikbakht 40138253
 - Philip Dumaresq 40082638
 - William Tarte 40087900
 - Mohammad Ali Zahir 40077619
 - Ewan McNeil 40021787
 
## Library Versions
 - glfw-3.3.2
 - glew-2.1.0
 - glm-0.9.9.8
 - Minimum OpengGL version = 3.3
 - Minimum CMake version =  3.14
 
## Installation Guide
_This project has been successfully compiled on both Arch Linux Manjaro using GCC  
and on Windows 10 using Microsoft Visual Studio 2017's compiler (MSVC)_

__Method 1__
1. Clone the repository or download the zip file and unzip it.
2. Open the project in either CLion or VS2017.
3. If Using CLion on Windows, go to File > Settings > __Build, Execution, Deployment__ > Toolchain; and set the current toolchain to Visual Studio.
4. Build/Run the project.  
  
__Method 2: Install Script__
1. [Download/Run CMake .msi installer](https://cmake.org/download/) and make sure to link it to PATH (might require restart).
2. Clone the repository or download the zip file and unzip it.
3. Open the project folder, and right-click on install.bat > run as administrator and accept.
4. If there are no errors, there should be a new folder called "build". Open it and the .exe should be there.

## Controls
 - Numpad 1 to 6 selects the currently controlled model.  
    - 1 to 5 selects one of the student models.
    - 6 selects the world.
 - Left-Shift + (W,A,S,D) moves the currently selected model up, left, down, right respectively.
 - A/D rotates the currently selected model on the Y axis.
 - U/J scales the currently selected model up/down respectively.
 - __With the world selected,__ the arrow keys rotate the world on the Y and X axis.
 - The _Home_ button resets the world/models to their original position/orientation.
 - Holding the LMB and moving forwards/backwards will change the current zoom.
 - Holding the MMB and moving forwards/backwards will tilt the camera.
 - Holding the RMB and moving left/right will pan the camera.

## Resources
 - https://learnopengl.com/
 - https://en.cppreference.com/w/
 - https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL-Refpages/gl4/

Commit message:

Fixed some bugs, made light controllable. Culling still broken

README.md, after:

# COMP-371-Proj
## Requirements
 - For the first build, requires an active internet connection to fetch dependencies.
 
## Royal Octopi Team Members
 - Zahra Nikbakht 40138253
 - Philip Dumaresq 40082638
 - William Tarte 40087900
 - Mohammad Ali Zahir 40077619
 - Ewan McNeil 40021787
 
## Library Versions
 - glfw-3.3.2
 - glew-2.1.0
 - glm-0.9.9.8
 - Minimum OpengGL version = 3.3
 - Minimum CMake version =  3.14
 
## Installation Guide
_This project has been successfully compiled on both Arch Linux Manjaro using GCC  
and on Windows 10 using Microsoft Visual Studio 2017's compiler (MSVC)_

__Method 1__
1. Clone the repository or download the zip file and unzip it.
2. Open the project in either CLion or VS2017.
3. If Using CLion on Windows, go to File > Settings > __Build, Execution, Deployment__ > Toolchain; and set the current toolchain to Visual Studio.
4. Build/Run the project.  
  
__Method 2: Install Script__
1. [Download/Run CMake .msi installer](https://cmake.org/download/) and make sure to link it to PATH (might require restart).
2. Clone the repository or download the zip file and unzip it.
3. Open the project folder, and right-click on install.bat > run as administrator and accept.
4. If there are no errors, there should be a new folder called "build". Open it and the .exe should be there.

## Controls
 - Numpad 1 to 7 selects the currently controlled model.  
    - 1 to 5 selects one of the student models.
    - 6 selects the world.
    - 7 selects the light source.
 - Left-Shift + (W,A,S,D) moves the currently selected model up, left, down, right respectively.
 - A/D rotates the currently selected model on the Y axis.
 - U/J scales the currently selected model up/down respectively.
 - __With the world selected,__ the arrow keys rotate the world on the Y and X axis.
 - The _Home_ button resets the world/models to their original position/orientation.
 - Holding the LMB and moving forwards/backwards will change the current zoom.
 - Holding the MMB and moving forwards/backwards will tilt the camera.
 - Holding the RMB and moving left/right will pan the camera.
 - __With the light selected__, WASD move it up/down/left/right and UP/DOWN move it forward and backwards.

## Resources
 - https://learnopengl.com/
 - https://en.cppreference.com/w/
 - https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL-Refpages/gl4/
